부정사구 + 동사 + 보어 형식 
1. To tell the truth, they are not legal husband and wife.
1.	To help others has always been her great pleasure. 
2.	To travel around the world has long been a dream of mine. 
3.	To master a foreign language is really not an easy task.
4.	To read a book in the dark is bad for the eyes. 
5.	To read this book in two or three hours is almost impossible. 

독립부정사, 주어 + 동사  형식
2. To do her justice, she is a good-natured noble woman. 
3. Strange to say, the candlelight in the room suddenly went out of itself.
4. To make matters worse, he had the secret papers stolen last night. 
5. To begin with, this new computer is too expensive for me. 
6. To be frank with you, I think him (to be) too honest at any time. 

주어 + expect + 단순부정사

 I expect him to pass the employment examination.
1.	I hope to see you some time next week
2.	She seemed to be seriously sick then. 
3.	They hope to finish the work in a week.
4.	Mrs. Kim seemed to be much contented with the result. 
5.	Jun-ho is sure to succeed this time. 

He seems to be a teacher.
= It seems that he is a teacher.
He seemed to be a teacher.
= It seemed that he was a teacher.
I think him to be honest.
	= I think that he is honest
I hope to do well on the exam.
	= I hope that I will do well on the exam.


주어 + 동사 + 완료부정사
to have seen, to have done, to have been, … 등과 같은 'to have + 과거분사형'을 완료부정사라고 한다. 
완료부정사의 시제는 술어동사의 시제보다 앞선 시제뽑 나타낸다. 그리고 미래동사의 과거형인 wanted, intended,
expected, wished, hoped 등의 다음에 완료부정사가 오는 경우. 즉 미래동사의 과거형 + 완료부정사형은 과거에
실현하지 못한 기대 • 소망 등올 나타낸다.

He seems to have been a teacher
= It seems that he was a teacher.
= It seems that he has been a teacher.

He seemed to have been a teacher.
= It seemed that he had been a teacher.


We hoped to have seen the movie yesterday. 
We hoped to see the movie yesterday, but we could not. 

1.	I intended to have bought the car. 
I intended to buy the car, but I couldn’t. 

2.	She wished to have written a good novel. 
She wished to write a good novel, but she couldn’t. 

3.	He seemed to have known our important secret. 
He seemed that he had known our important secret.

4.	I thought her to have been a mathematics teacher.
I thought (that) she had been a mathematics teacher.

5.	Her mother is said to have been a famous singer. 
It is said that her mother has been [was] a famous singer.


seems to have happened				이미 발생한 것으로 보인다
is believed to have occurred		이미 일어났던 것으로 믿고 있다
is estimated to have been built		이미 그때 건축된(지어진) 것으로 추측된다
is assumed to have been written		이미 그때 쓰여진 것으로 추정된다
are thought to have formed			이미 그떄 형성된 것으로 생각된다
is suspected to have left			이미 그때 떠났던 것으로 의심된다
are supposed to have been tested	이미 검증된 것으로 가정된다(수동태)
are supposed to be tested 			이미 검증되어 있어야 한다(능동태)?

Something seems to happen.			먼일 날것 같은데..
something seemed to happen.			먼일이 날것 같더라고..
Something seems to have happened.	이미 먼일이 난것 같은데..
Something seemed to have happened.	그때 이미 먼이리 난것 같더라구..

expect나 hope같은 동사와 함께 to have + pp을 써서, '이미 뭐뭐 했으면...한다'라는 의미를 전달.

He expects/hopes to have finished by tomorrow. 
 = He expects/hopes that he will have finished by tomorrow.

Something seems to have happened there during the past few years.
지난 몇년간 그곳에서 무슨 일이 있었던 것 같다.

The burglary is believed to have occurred between Friday and Sunday.
그 절도사건은 금요일과 일요일 사이에 발생한 것 같습니다.

This building is estimated to have been built in the 9th century.
이 건물은 9세기에 건축된(지어진) 것으로 추정됩니다.

It seems that she is a very intelligent woman.
= She seems to be a very intelligent woman.

It appeared that he enjoyed himselft whether he goes.
= He appeard to enjoy himself whether he goes.

It is certain that he missed the train.
= He is certain to have missed the train.

It was thought that he had been the best player.
= He was thought to have been the best player.






















